THE GOOP LIFESTYLE BRAND.
JOINING US RIGHT NOW IS JOE
PISCOPO.
JOE, GREAT TO SEE YOU.
THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
"SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE" GAVE
PRESIDENT TRUMP JOKES A BREAK
THIS WEEKEND.
WHAT'S YOUR REACTION?
>> FIRST OF ALL, GREAT TO HE SEE
YOU AND GREAT TO TALK TO YOU ON
"MORNINGS WITH MARIA."
I'D LIKE TO BE KNOWN AS JOE
PISCOPO BUT GIUSEPI OCASIO
PISCOPO.
IT WILL BE FREE MAYOR
IT WILL BE FREE M AOR
IT WILL BE FREE M A ARI ENVELOPE
IT WILL BE FREE M A ARI ENVELOP-
MARNARA FOR EVERYBODY.
I WATCHED "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE"
THIS WEEKEND.
THE WRITING WAS PRETTY FUNNY.
THE OPENING WAS GREAT, LESLIE
JONES, KEENAN THOMPSON, DOING
THE R. KELLY STRETCH.
IT WAS REALLY FUNNY.
THEY ALWAYS HAVE TO DO THE
DONALD TRUMP JOKES.
I WISH THEY WOULD JUST BE FUNNY.
THEY CAN DO THAT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY THEY ALWAYS
HAVE TO PICK ON THE PRESIDENT.
MARIA:  THE R. KELLY INTERVIEW
WAS INSANE.
HOW ABOUT THE DAN CRENSHAW
MEETING, ANOTHER HERO ON FRIDAY,
SHOWED OFF HIS CAPTAIN AMERICA
GLASS EYE TO THE MAN BEHIND THE
SHIELD, ACTOR CHRIS EVANS.
WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED WITH SNL
HERE WHERE SNL MADE FUN OF THE
CONGRESSMAN, CRENSHAW AND HE
WENT ON -- I GUESS IT WAS GOOD,
HE WENT ON, THEY MADE FUN OF IT
AND THEY ALL ENDED UP FRIENDS AT
THE END.
>> THAT'S WHAT I LOVE TO SEE.
THAT'S WHAT I LOVE TO SEE.
THERE ARE THINGS HAPPENING IN
THE WORLD, YESTERDAY ON FUTURES,
ON SUNDAY MORNING FUTURES ON FOX
NEWS.
MARIA:  YES.
>> THAT WAS BRILLIANT DISCUSSION
WITH JOHN BOLTON, NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISOR.
IT WAS BRILLIANT.
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT CHINA.
IF ANYBODY IS THINKING ABOUT
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, YOU HAVE
TO CHECK OUT THE SHOW YESTERDAY
WITH JOHN BOLTON.
CHINA IS TAKING OVER EVERYTHING.
THEY'RE SO OBSESSED WITH RUSSIA,
EVERYBODY'S OBSESSED WITH
RUSSIA.
RUSSIA, DUE RESPECT TO THE
RUSSIANS, THEY'RE SMALL FLIERS
THE CHINESE.
NOW, THAT'S A SKETCH THAT THE
CHINESE ARE TAKING OVER
EVERYTHING.
WE WERE THINKING THE CHINESE
WERE TAKE -- WE WERE TALKING
ABOUT THE CHINESE TAKING OVER
THE ITALIAN RESTAURANTS IN
BROOKLYN, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
MARIA:  THAT'S NOT GOING TO
HAPPEN, JOE.
>>
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> BROOKLYN GIRL.
BUT THERE'S FODDER THERE.
IT'S SOMETHING THAT IS HAPPEN.
THAT'S NEWS WORTHY, YOU KNOW.
MARIA:  I DO THINK THIS IS THE
BIGGEST ISSUE OF OUR TIME.
I MEAN, REALLY.
I WONDER IF THE DEMOCRATIC
CANDIDATES ARE TALKING ABOUT
THIS AS WELL.
I MEAN, 2020 IS HERE, RIGHT,
JOE?
I KNOW YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
ALL THE TIME ON 970   AM, THE
ANSWER, YOUR PROGRAM THAT WE'RE
ON NOW LIVE.
THERE'S A NEW POLL OF LIKELY
DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS VOTERS FROM
THE DES MOINES REGISTER, 27% SAY
THAT FORMER VICE PRESIDENT JOE
BIDEN IS THEIR FIRST CHOICE FOR
PRESIDENT, BERNIE SANDERS IS
THEIR SECOND AT 2 A 5% AND THEN
YOU'VE GOT ELIZABETH WARREN IN A
DISTANT THIRD AT 9%.
WHAT'S YOUR TAKE ON THE DEM
LINEUP?
>> NO ONE CAN BEAT DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP'S GOING TO WIN.
IF THIS IS THE -- DUE RESPECT,
BY THE WAY.
THIS ISN'T PRO TRUMP.
IT'S NOT PRO TRUMP.
NO ONE'S GOING TO BEAT THE
PRESIDENT.
HE WILL WIN IN A LANDSLIDE.
MARIA:
WHRIA:
WHYDA:
WHYDO:
.MYDO:
.MARO:
.MARIA:  WHY DO YOU SAY THAT
1234.
>> YOU NEED SOMEBODY FROM THE
OUTSIDE.
BRING IN OPRAH, BRING IN MARK
CUBAN.
THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE THAT WOULD
GIVE THE PRESIDENT A RUN FOR HIS
MONEY.
I'M ONLY TELLING YOU WHAT THE
AUDIENCE IS TELLING US.
MARIA:  WHAT ABOUT BIDEN BETO.
>> I NEVER LIKE TO BE MEAN.
WE PUT ASIDE THE DIVIDE ON THIS
SHOW.
I DON'T THINK BIDEN BETO MAKES
IT.
I DON'T THINK YOU BEAT PRESIDENT
TRUMP.
I THINK HE WALKS AWAY FROM IT.
WHEN THEY MAKE FUN OF THE
PRESIDENT ON "SATURDAY NIGHT
LIVE," THAT'S OKAY.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT WHEN DANNY
AKROYD, WHEN HE DID RICHARD
NIXON, THAT WAS FUNNY AND JOHN
BELUSHI DID HENRY KISSINGER,
LET'S PRAY, HENRY, LET'S PRAY
AND JOHN BELUSHI WOULD SAY I
DON'T WANT TO PRAY,
MR. PRESIDENT.
I DON'T WANT TO PRAY.
YOU HAVE TO LAUGH AT IT.
WE CAN HAVE SOME FUN WITH IT.
I THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP SHOULD
HAVE FUN WITH IT.
AGAIN, YOU HIT THE NAIL ON THE
HEAD WHEN YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT
CHINA, THAT'S SOMETHING I WOULD
LOVE TO SEE ON "SATURDAY NIGHT
LIVE."
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE CESILY
STRONG DO MORE OCASIO-CORTEZ ON
"SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE."
MARIA:  SHE PLAYED ME AFTER THE
DEBATE.
>> I SAW THAT.
THAT WAS GREAT.
MARIA:  THAT WAS AWESOME.
>> THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO HE SEE.
WHEN WE FOLLOWED THE ORIGINAL
"SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE," WE HAD TO
FOLLOW BELUSHI AND GILDA AND OUR
PRODUCER SAID JUST BE FUNNY AND
THEY DID IT THIS WEEKEND ON
"SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE."
IT WAS FUNNY AND IT WAS GREAT.
ESPECIALLY WITH LESLIE JONES AND
HE
KEENAN DOING THE R. KELLY
KEENAN DOING THE R. KE KY
KEENAN DOING THE R. KE KELLY SKE
KEENAN DOING THE R. KE KELLY SKC
KEENAN DOING THE R. KE KELLY SK.
WHEN YOU GO TO THE PRESIDENT,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
WHEN YOU WANT TO PICK AN ISSUE,
IT'S CHINA TAKING OVER
EVERYTHING.
MARIA:  I'M SURPRISED THEY'RE
NOT DOING MORE ON THE DEMS.
IS THERE ANYTHING TO MAKE FUN OF
WITH AOC.
YOU STARTED THE CONVERSATION
CALLING YOURSELF JOE OCACIO
PISCOPO.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I KEEP SAYING THIS OVER AND OVER
AND OVER AGAIN.
LESLIE JONES, YOU'VE GOT TO --
MAXINE WATERS IS MATERIAL THAT
WRITES ITSELF.
SHE REALLY IS.
I'D LIKE TO SEE THEM PLAY
THUNDERSTORM WATCH.
I ALWAYS TALK ABOUT ADAM SCHIFF.
HE LOOKS SO -- [NOISE].
THEY SHOULD DO SOMETHING WITH
ADAM SCHIFF.
SO MUCH ON THE LEFT THAT YOU
COULD DO.
MARIA:  WHEN
MARIA:  WHAT DID HE INTERVIEW
MICHAEL COHEN FOR 10 HOURS?
THAT SOUNDS LIKE COACHING TO ME.
TALKING TO MICHAEL COHEN FOR 10
HOURS BEFORE HE TESTIFIED.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT.
>> HE WAS TRYING TO BRAINWASH
HIM WITH THOSE LASER EYES.
LOOK AT ME.
BEN STILLER IS FANTASTIC AS
MICHAEL COHEN.
THERE'S A SKETCH RIGHT THERE.
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THEM BROADEN
THAT.
MARIA:  IT'S GREAT TO TALK TO
YOU.
>> I LOVE YOU MARIA.